---
title: "Episode 11"
date: 2019-07-20T08:02:12-05:00
draft: false
---

## Lights, Camera, Bolidas
_June 21, 2019_

The entire team makes final preparations on Absalom Station before taking the new ship (enter name here) to rendezvous with Zo!'s space yacht/party barge.  He has it parked outside the newly discovered moon "Salvations End" in which the Starfinder Society had discovered, but waited to explore further.  Since the Scoured Stars incident, the SS is pretty broke and lack proper leadership, so they made a deal with Zo!'s entertainment group that would help finance the rebuilding of the SS.  When the SS find a place to explore, they contact Zo! and his crew will film it for entertainment purposes and in return, the SS gets a wad of cash (stick of credits).

Cube invited you to participate since you already have a little notoriety and you all agreed in exchange for 1500 credits each.  In the meantime, darkness is consuming the entire universe. You selfish bastards!  OK, this is not true.  Anyways, back on the barge, you settle in, make the most of your rooms, but do not linger at all and do not make use of any of the endless amenities such as a casino, strip club, etc.  When the undead say they have a strip club, they mean strip club.

Prepared, the party takes a shuttle down to the planet surface and enter into an opening that has never been explored.  Meanwhile, there is a live studio audience back on the yacht watching it LIVE!, while the rest of the universe has to wait for their 56K modems to dial it up.  With you is Wazasha Kevir, who is the producer, and her camera team.

The first room you encounter seems to have gravity, and soon you are faced with a huge explosion, and then what seem to be alien miners (Bolidas).  Enetivabily you attack them as well as their large friend (Banded Spicondrath).  Not without damage, you defeat the creatures.  There is one wounded Bolida left and you are left with the audience voting for you to end its life.  Those of the party with morals refuse the audience request, but there is but one from a world where killing is an everyday occurrence and death is like making ramen in a microwave.  Ding. Jack Burton ends the Bolidas' life and the audience is impressed with this human.

As soon as the production crew is ready, your team climbs up the explosion hole and into the next room.  The first room seemed like a natural earthen cavern, but this next cavern sparkles with phosphorescent fungi where you are faced with another party who came to the notice of the explosion.  This other party is a small band of dwarves.  The leader speaks, but you are unaware of what she is saying and with lots of grunting, you decide to follow her and not kill her and her party.  She is very unsettled with the undead production team but seems to be urgently in need of help and so she does not attack you or the production team with her ancient weapons.  You notice her parties weapons are things you have seen out of lost Golarian such as wooden handled axe, and iron swords.

As you get talking with the dwarf, she seems to only know a few phrases in common, but they do not make sense to you, she seems to be repeating words that are of the same language you are talking to her in.  She says "Critical Error" and "sequence initiated".  During the downtime, the production crew interviews some of you and asks some of the androids if there is any envy?  There seems to be one-sided killing happening, Derus seems to be the one killing everything and the production team try to make it into a drama, but N35t0r just "stonewalls" them with practical answers.

She takes you to where she lives and then points to an area that is blocked.  Here the party can hear someone in need of help.  Fortunately, this person also speaks common and he tells you he is stuck and needs you to help him.  It seems that the Bolidas' explosion caused a huge rock to fall and trap this person.  Waz takes this opportunity to get the audience to vote on how you should help.  They vote one way and you take that same option, even though it does not seem like anyone cares to listen to the audience. I also forgot what the group did, as you all passed the save and were able to help the dwarf who he said is called Holsin Nolskirt.

Holsin's very disturbed by the cave-in that nearly killed him.  Despite his tireless piety, it seems that Torag is angry with the dwarves.  For generations his people have climbed higher and higher in the "Darklands", following Torag's Prophesied tremor that began the "Quest for the Sky".  Ever since, Torag has rumbled periodically, coaxing his people to ascend.  Now Torag's miracles have become less powerful, which Holsin believes is because of the god's power is diluted by the influence of the surface faiths with which he must contend.  The "digger short orcs" as he calls them (Bolidas) have also returned with magic wands that shoot fire (lasers).  He says that they have poised the air that that is why they cannot reach the surface, but with your help you could pass through the poison.  You agree to help him and he takes you to the poison air area which is fine because your armor has environmental protection and it does not harm you.

This brings you to another area in which you are faced with a cavern and on the other side is a group of hostile Bolidas and a goblin type creature.  This creature talks in the 3rd person and keeps calling himself Big Genius Polbak.  After a fight, not without some damage, you destroy all the Bolidas and finish off Biggie Polbak.  Oh, yea and N35tor finally gets a kill in.

